Update 08.publick8s.md (#176)
neuvector/docs: versioned_docs/version-5.4/02.deploying/08.publick8s/08.publick8s.md

Use the environment variable NV_PLATFORM_INFO with value platform=Kubernetes:GKE to enable NeuVector to perform GKE specific action such as running the GKE Kubernetes CIS Benchmarks.

### GKE Auto Pilot support

GKE Auto Pilot support is available with NeuVector from v5.4.3. Please follow below steps to deploy NeuVector on Auto Pilot cluster,

An AllowlistSynchronizer should be created on the cluster before deploying the NeuVector. Here is the YAML with allowlistPath,

```yaml
apiVersion: auto.gke.io/v1
kind: AllowlistSynchronizer
metadata:
  name: neuvector-allowlist
spec:
  allowlistPaths:
  - SUSE/neuvector-enforcer/v1.0.0/suse-neuvector-enforcer.yaml
  - SUSE/neuvector-scanner/v1.0.0/suse-neuvector-scanner.yaml
```

> After performing "kubectl apply -f <yaml file>" check if the AllowlistSynchronizer is ready.

Reviewer: @venkateshjayagopal 

Can we use a command to check the allowlist status? Something like `kubectl get AllowlistSynchronizer neuvector-allowlist -o jsonpath='{.status.conditions[?(@.type=="Ready")].status}'`.  The command output should be `Ready`. I have not tried the command yet, but I assume it works. You can add it to the documentation if you’d like.

Use the environment variable NV_PLATFORM_INFO with value platform=Kubernetes:GKE to enable NeuVector to perform GKE specific action such as running the GKE Kubernetes CIS Benchmarks.

> ### GKE Auto Pilot support

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### GKE Auto Pilot Support
```

Reviewer 2: Capitalizing the header in this H3 section.

> GKE Auto Pilot support is available with NeuVector from v5.4.3. Please follow below steps to deploy NeuVector on Auto Pilot cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GKE Auto Pilot support is available with NeuVector v5.4.3 and later. Please follow the steps below to deploy NeuVector on the Auto Pilot cluster.
```

> An AllowlistSynchronizer should be created on the cluster before deploying the NeuVector. Here is the YAML with allowlistPath,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An `AllowlistSynchronizer` should be created on the cluster before deploying NeuVector. Here is the configuration YAML with `allowlistPath` and the command to apply the YAML:

```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Example command to apply YAML:

```shell
kubectl apply -f allowlist.yaml
```

```

```yaml

> ##########################$ kubectl apply -f allowlist.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: Removing the example command to apply YAML `kubectl apply -f allowlist.yaml` and moving to above the code block configuration for better user readability.

apiVersion: auto.gke.io/v1
kind: AllowlistSynchronizer
metadata:
  name: neuvector-allowlist
spec:
  allowlistPaths:
  - SUSE/neuvector-enforcer/v1.0.0/suse-neuvector-enforcer.yaml
  - SUSE/neuvector-scanner/v1.0.0/suse-neuvector-scanner.yaml
```

> After performing "kubectl apply -f <yaml file>" check if the AllowlistSynchronizer is ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After performing the command "kubectl apply -f <YAML file>" check if the `AllowlistSynchronizer` is ready.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Example command to apply YAML:

```shell
kubectl get AllowlistSynchronizer neuvector-allowlist -o yaml
```

```

```console

> ##########################$ kubectl get AllowlistSynchronizer neuvector-allowlist -o yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: Removing the example command to check if the `AllowlistSynchronizer` is ready `kubectl get AllowlistSynchronizer neuvector-allowlist -o yaml` and moving to above the code block configuration for better user readability.

  creationTimestamp: "2025-04-28T18:17:16Z"
  generation: 1
  name: neuvector-allowlist
  resourceVersion: "13326"
  uid: 3e425c28-9bef-4459-b769-381d974f17f6
spec:
  allowlistPaths:
  - SUSE/neuvector-enforcer/v1.0.0/suse-neuvector-enforcer.yaml
  - SUSE/neuvector-scanner/v1.0.0/suse-neuvector-scanner.yaml
status:
  conditions:
  - lastTransitionTime: "2025-04-28T18:17:17Z"
    message: Synchronization completed successfully; allowlists up to date
    observedGeneration: 1
    reason: SyncSuccessful
    status: "True"
    type: Ready
  lastSyncAttempt: "2025-04-28T18:17:17Z"
  managedAllowlistStatus:
  - filePath: SUSE/neuvector-enforcer/v1.0.0/suse-neuvector-enforcer.yaml
    generation: 1
    lastSuccessfulSync: "2025-04-28T18:17:16Z"
    phase: Installed
  - filePath: SUSE/neuvector-scanner/v1.0.0/suse-neuvector-scanner.yaml
    generation: 1
    lastSuccessfulSync: "2025-04-28T18:17:17Z"
    phase: Installed
```

> Below override.yaml file needs to be used in order to deploy the NeuVector on GKE Autopilot cluster when using HELM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The override.yaml file below needs to be used in order to deploy NeuVector on the GKE Autopilot cluster when using Helm.
```

```console
cve:
  scanner:
    podLabels:
      # The scanner allowlist should be mapped with scanner deployment workload.
      cloud.google.com/matching-allowlist: suse-neuvector-scanner
    resources:

>       # below are the tested limits for scanner deployment in GKE Auto-Pilot cluster for scanner pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      # Below are the tested limits for scanner deployment in GKE Auto-Pilot cluster for scanner pod.
```

      limits:
        ephemeral-storage: "3Gi"
      requests:
        ephemeral-storage: "2Gi"
enforcer:
  podLabels:

>      # The enforcer allowlist should be mapped with enforcer daemon set workload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     # The enforcer allowlist should be mapped with the enforcer daemon set workload.
```

    cloud.google.com/matching-allowlist: suse-neuvector-enforcer
```

> If using YAML deployment, please add the "podLabels" and resource limits on the enforcer and scanner YAML configurations accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using the YAML deployment, please add the "podLabels" and resource limits on the enforcer and scanner YAML configurations accordingly.
```

> To learn more about allowlistSynchronizer please visit this GKE documentation. https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/run-autopilot-partner-workloads

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about the `allowlistSynchronizer` please view the [GKE documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/run-autopilot-partner-workloads).
```

Reviewer 2: Rephrasing a bit and updated link as embedded.

  lastSyncAttempt: "2025-04-22T20:11:41Z"
```

> Below override.yaml file needs to be used in order to deploy the NeuVector on GKE Autopilot cluster when using HELM.

Reviewer: @venkateshjayagopal Can we add some comments to describe these changes? Something like the following:

TIP:  Please review my questions also in the comments
```yaml
cve:
  scanner:
    # This section specifies Kubernetes labels that will be applied to the Pod(s) running the CVE scanner.
    podLabels:
      # A custom label, used by GKE Autopilot to match this Pod with a NeuVector allowlist.
      cloud.google.com/matching-allowlist: suse-neuvector-scanner-v1.0
    resources:
      limits:
        # Is it best practice to allocate a max of 3 Gi of ephemeral storage, or is it just a testing value? 
        ephemeral-storage: "3Gi"
      requests:
        # Is it best practice to request 2 Gi of ephemeral storage, or is it just a testing value? 
        ephemeral-storage: "2Gi"
enforcer:
  # This section specifies Kubernetes labels that will be applied to the Pod(s) running the enforcer.
  podLabels:
      # A custom label, used by GKE Autopilot to match this Pod with a NeuVector allowlist.
    cloud.google.com/matching-allowlist: suse-neuvector-enforcer-v1.0
    ```
